Release notes for kotsadm 1.17.1 (#240)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/release-notes/1.17.1.md

---
date: 2020-07-21
linktitle: "1.17.1"
title: "1.17.1"
kubernetes: "1.16, 1.17, and 1.18"
---

{{<fixes>}}

> * Fixed a bug where after clicking the Analyze button on the Troubleshoot page, the user is take to a different support bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where after clicking the Analyze button for a specific bundle on the Troubleshoot page, the user is taken to a different support bundle.
```

> * Fixed a bug where after clicking the Analyze button on the Troubleshoot page, the user is take to a different support bundle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where after clicking the Analyze button for a specific bundle on the Troubleshoot page, the user is taken to a different support bundle.
```

> * Fixed a bug where having wrapped lines in [Config](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/config/) file resulted in a false `Contains invalid yaml` message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where content with wrapped lines in [Config](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/config/) file causes linter to fail with incorrect `Contains invalid yaml` message.
```
